---
title: Go SDK
sidebar_position: 3
---

# DevCycle Go Server SDK.

Welcome to the the DevCycle Go SDK, initially generated via the [DevCycle Bucketing API](https://docs.devcycle.com/bucketing-api/#tag/devcycle).

## Installation

```bash
go get "github.com/devcyclehq/go-server-sdk"
```
Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:
```go
import "github.com/devcyclehq/go-server-sdk"
```

## Getting Started

```go
import (
    "github.com/devcyclehq/go-server-sdk"
    "context"
)
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), devcycle.ContextAPIKey, devcycle.APIKey{
    Key: "your_server_key_here",
})


dvcClient := devcycle.NewDVCClient()
```

## Usage

### User Object
The user object is required for all methods. The only required field in the user object is UserId

See the UserData class in `model_user_data.go` for all accepted fields.

```go
user := devcycle.UserData{UserId: "test"}
```

### Getting All Features
This method will fetch all features for a given user and return them in a map of `key: feature_object`

```go
features, err := dvcClient.DevcycleApi.AllFeatures(auth, user)
```

### Getting All Variables
To get values from your Variables, the `value` field inside the variable object can be accessed.

This method will fetch all variables for a given user and return them in a map of `key: variable_object`

```go
variables, err := dvcClient.DevcycleApi.AllVariables(auth, user)
```

### Get and Use Variable by Key

This method will fetch a specific variable by key for a given user. It will return the variable 
object from the server unless an error occurs or the server has no response. In that case it will return
a variable object with the value set to whatever was passed in as the `defaultValue` parameter, 
and the `IsDefaulted` field boolean on the variable will be true.

To get values from your Variables, the `value` field inside the variable object can be accessed.

```go
variable, err := dvcClient.DevcycleApi.Variable(auth, user, "variable-key", "default_value")
```

### Track Event
To POST custom event for a user, pass in the user and event object.

```go
event := devcycle.Event{
    Type_: "customEvent",
    Target: "somevariable.key"}

response, err := dvcClient.DevcycleApi.Track(auth, user, event)
```

### EdgeDB

EdgeDB allows you to save user data to our EdgeDB storage so that you don't have to pass in all the user data every time you identify a user. Read more about [EdgeDB](https://docs.devcycle.com/docs/home/feature-management/edgedb/).

To get started, contact us at support@devcycle.com to enable EdgeDB for your project.

Once you have EdgeDB enabled in your project, pass in the enableEdgeDB option to turn on EdgeDB mode for the SDK:

```go
import (
    "github.com/devcyclehq/go-server-sdk"
    "context"
)
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), devcycle.ContextAPIKey, devcycle.APIKey{
    Key: "your_server_key_here",
})
dvcOptions := devcycle.DVCOptions{EnableEdgeDB: true}


dvcClient := devcycle.NewDVCClient()
dvcClient.SetOptions(dvcOptions)

user := devcycle.UserData{UserId: "test-user", Email:"test.user@test.com"}
```

This will send a request to our EdgeDB API to save the custom data under the user UserId.

In the example, Email is associated to the user `test-user`. In your next identify call for the same UserId, you may omit any of the data you've sent already as it will be pulled from the EdgeDB storage when segmenting to experiments and features.

#### About this package

This API client was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [swagger-spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-spec) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- Package version: 1.1.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.v3.generators.go.GoClientCodegen

